
From the business

                

    NO ROOM FEE-PRIVATE PARTY ROOM-NO MINIMUM  Located on the border of Midtown & the Upper East Side, Club A Steakhouse brings modern sophistication and old world elegance to one of Manhattan's ?

            

                Learn more about Club A Steakhouse
            


Specialties

            NO ROOM FEE-PRIVATE PARTY ROOM-NO MINIMUM ?Located on the border of Midtown & the Upper East Side, Club A Steakhouse brings modern sophistication and old world elegance to one of Manhattan's most storied restaurant neighborhoods. Club A manages to encompass the characteristics of a traditional steakhouse and new world modernism that is evident in both the menu and decor. Created by legendary restaurateur Bruno Selimaj, Club A has been lauded as one of the "...most highly anticipated steakhouse arrivals in New York..." and ensures its patrons will experience an extraordinary evening of culinary perfection and sensory delight.
        
History

                    Established in 2008.
            

                Bruno Selimaj was born and raised in a small village on the Northern Albanian/Montenegrin border and began his life as simple farmer. But at the tender age of 18 and with his parents blessing, he embarked on a journey to America in search of new life.In an Albanian household, it is tradition that a guest is treated with the utmost respect and as a member of the family. Bruno brought these core family values to his restaurant and Bruno Selimaj's life defines true restaurant hospitality.In December ?2007, Bruno closed his legendary restaurant after 30 years with a new idea and a continuing passion to strive to be the best. ?He re-opened his famed restaurant as Club A, a modern American steakhouse in the same location. ?His new venture manages to encompass the characteristics of a traditional steakhouse and new world modernism. ?His latest accomplishment has established Bruno as one of New York's legendary restaurateurs.
            
Meet the Business Owner







Bruno S.
Business Owner



            Bruno, is the quintessential Owner/Host /Restaurateur Upon arriving in America in the early 1970's, and without any knowledge of the English language, he convinced a close friend to secure him a job at New York's famous Nani's Restaurant. ?After working at several restaurants over the course of 5 years, Bruno had become one of New York's best known restaurant Captains.With a leap of faith and an undisputable knowledge of the restaurant industry, Bruno turned his dream of opening his own establishment into a reality in October 1977. ?Bruno Restaurant, a Northern Italian style restaurant, opened with incredible reviews and quickly became a celebrity hang out for the who's who of New York politics, Wall Street, and society. ?Bruno and his team of friends, family, and loyal staff became restaurant celebrities overnight and entertained countless satisfied customers.
        






Flag



